LANCE S. TERADA, M. D.
Research Fellow in Pulmonary Medicine

1/6/57

Education:

1967 B.A., Amherst College, Amherst, MA

1972 M.D., University of Hawaii, Honolulu

Training and Experience:

1983-1986 Internship and Residency in Internal Medicine,
University Hospitals of Cleveland, OH

1986-1987 Clinical Fellow in Pulmonary Medicine, University of
Colorado

1986-present Research Fellow in Pulmonary Medicine, University of
Colorado

HONORS AND AWARDS
Letter of commendation, Department of Pharmacology, University of
Hawaii (1981); Alpha Omega Alpha (1982); Second Place, Research
competition, University Hospital, Cleveland (1986).

 

   

PUBLICATIONS

1. Schlegel, M.A., B.M. Phelps, A. Waggoner, L. Terada, and P.
Williamson. The binding of merocyanine 540- to normal and
leukemic erythroid cells. Cell 20:321, 19809.

2. â€˜Terada, L. and D. Easa. Neonatal pneumonia in a community
hospital: A retrospecitve study. Hawaii Med. J. 41:226, 1982.

3. Kazura, J.W., L. Terada, and J.G. Douglas. Regulation of
respiratory epithelium prostaglandin production by granulocytes
and reduced oxygen molecules. Clin. Res. 35:631A, 1987.

 

4. Patt, A., Harken, A.H., Burton, L.K, Rodell, T.C., Piermattei,
D., Schorr, W.J., Parker, N.b., Berger, E.M., Horesh, I.R.,
Linas, S.L., Cheronis, J.c., Terada, L.S. and Repine, J.B.
Xanthine oxidase derived hydrogen peroxide contributes to
cerebral ischemia-reperfusion induced edmea in gerbils. J. Clin.
Invest. Accepted for publication.

5. Brown, J.M., Terada, L.S., Grosso, M.A., Whitman, G.J., Velasco,
S.E., Patt, A., Harken, A.H. and Repine, J.E. Hydrogen perxoide
from xanthine oxidase contributes to reperfusion injury of
ischemic isolated perfused rat hearts. Submitted for
publication.
