++-DATLY BULLETIN. ..DAILY BULLETIN. ..DAILY BULLETIN...
+ +.PUBLIC AFFAIRS...THE TOBACCO INSTITUTE...

 

FRIDAY
JANUARY 22, 1999

+..IN REVIEW...IN REVIEW...IN REVIEW...

NEW HAMPSHIRE #112 would increase the cigarette tax by 25 cents per pack...
referred to the House Finance Cmte.

CONNECTICUT H5520 would require all public school buildings to be smoke-
free...referred to the Joint Education Cmte.

 

MASSACHUSETTS H1346 would prohibit smoking or the consumption of alcohol
dormitories of public institutions of higher learning. H1289 would exempt
certain smoking cessation products from the sales tax...referred to the
Joint Taxation Cmte. 1273 would provide that public buildings meet
certain air quality ventilation standards...referred to the Joint State
Administration Cmte.

 

VERMONT HJR17 passed the House and was sent to the Senate
tobacco settlement.

-relates to the

 

NEW YORK $1217 would establish a tobacco settlement debt reduction fund
requiring all monies to be used for reducing the general obligation
indebtedness of the state...referred to the Senate Finance Cmte. $1177
would include with the basic cost of cigarettes a collection of one cent
for each ten cigarettes and provide that such fee be distributed to
cigarette tax agents as compensation for the cost of collecting the sales
tax on cigarettes...referred to the Senate Investigations, Taxation and
Governmental Operations Cmte.

NEBRASKA L652 would increase the cigarette tax by two cents per pack to
fund the Juvenile Correctional Facilities Improvement Fund. L577 would
change provisions for sales of tobacco and liquor. L574 would hold
accountable manufacturers not signing the Master Settlement Agreement.

ILLINOIS H5 would make an appropriation to the Attorney General for tobacco
control programs. H87 would prohibit minor use and possession of tobacco
products and provide penalties for violations. 103 would declare tobacco
contraband in state prisons. H125 would create the Tobacco Litigation
Distribution Fund to be used for purposes of public health.

INDIANA H1454 would appropriate 30 percent of tobacce settlement proceeds
for the next 25 years to the Department of Agriculture to make grants to
those who own rights to tobacco products on 1/1/99 and to Purdue University
for development of new crops to replace tobacco...referred to the House
Ways and Means Cmte.

Osze 698zS

MINNESOTA H168 would provide that sales of smoking cessation devices be
exempt from taxation...referred to the House Taxes Cmte. S176 would
transfer tobacco settlement monies from the General Fund to the Health Care
Access Fund and repeal MinnesotaCare premium and provider taxes...referred
to the Senate Health and Family Security Cmte.

RJRO000000001 000293

70044 0424